README.md, before:

# Yue Huang's HomePage
Author: Yue Huang 

Website Link: [Yue Huang's Portfolio](https://hy371449.github.io/HomePage/)

Class Link: [CS 5610 Web Development](https://johnguerra.co/classes/webDevelopment_fall_2023/)

Video Link: [Video Link](https://www.loom.com/share/ab04b5d229534ae1a2f7393292d05147?sid=7d416023-6e06-4b31-8f9f-4799b1c7f082)

Slide Link: [Google Slide Link](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1yDhBpusqxbiWJfJnRVdyJIBdOp8P73pGa9EIew4sEKU/edit?usp=sharing)

Design Document: [Link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ky0kX4-sLbPGsW-esVjDS7Xj-d4xCWscaonsztajr58/edit?usp=sharing)

## Project Objective
The primary objective of this personal homepage project is to create a home page designed to showcase my personal information, skills, and portfolio, while providing a means for interaction. The project also allows me to get familiar with **Eslint** and **Prettier**. The website is **W3C Compliant** and shows the use of **HTML/CSS** and **JavaScript** together. 

## Features
1. Home Page (index.html) -> The user opens this page, which contains my very brief self-introduction, resume and contact information.
2. About Page (about.html) -> This page provides a detailed introduction to myself and showcases my skills, education, exprience so far. 
3. Projects Page (projects.html) -> This page shows the projects I have done before and some introduction to the projects.

## Screenshots
- Home Page
![Home Page](./doc/home.gif)

- About Page
![About Page](./doc/about.gif)

- Projects
![Projects Page](./doc/projects.gif)

## Build
This Project is development under node version 18.17.0. It's recommended to use a **nodejs version manager**.
1. Clone the repository
2. Open it in your favourite editor
3. Use `yarn install` / `npm install` to install related development dependencies
4. Go to `index.html` file and run the file with a live server to host the website

Commit message:

Move index.html from main folder to the html folder
I noticed the index.html file is in the main folder, maybe move it to the html folder so it's more organized, since your other html files are in the html folder? Other than that the project looks good and professional

README.md, after:

# Yue Huang's HomePage
Author: Yue Huang 

Website Link: [Yue Huang's Portfolio](https://hy371449.github.io/HomePage/)

Class Link: [CS 5610 Web Development](https://johnguerra.co/classes/webDevelopment_fall_2023/)

Video Link: [Video Link](https://www.loom.com/share/ab04b5d229534ae1a2f7393292d05147?sid=7d416023-6e06-4b31-8f9f-4799b1c7f082)

Slide Link: [Google Slide Link](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1yDhBpusqxbiWJfJnRVdyJIBdOp8P73pGa9EIew4sEKU/edit?usp=sharing)

Design Document: [Link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ky0kX4-sLbPGsW-esVjDS7Xj-d4xCWscaonsztajr58/edit?usp=sharing)

## Project Objective
The primary objective of this personal homepage project is to create a home page designed to showcase my personal information, skills, and portfolio, while providing a means for interaction. The project also allows me to get familiar with **Eslint** and **Prettier**. The website is **W3C Compliant** and shows the use of **HTML/CSS** and **JavaScript** together. 

## Features
1. Home Page (index.html) -> The user opens this page, which contains my very brief self-introduction, resume and contact information.   (I noticed that your index.html file is in the main folder rather than the html folder. Maybe you should group them into your html folder? Other than that, everything else about this project looks really good and impressive!)
2. About Page (about.html) -> This page provides a detailed introduction to myself and showcases my skills, education, exprience so far. 
3. Projects Page (projects.html) -> This page shows the projects I have done before and some introduction to the projects.

## Screenshots
- Home Page
![Home Page](./doc/home.gif)

- About Page
![About Page](./doc/about.gif)

- Projects
![Projects Page](./doc/projects.gif)

## Build
This Project is development under node version 18.17.0. It's recommended to use a **nodejs version manager**.
1. Clone the repository
2. Open it in your favourite editor
3. Use `yarn install` / `npm install` to install related development dependencies
4. Go to `index.html` file and run the file with a live server to host the website
